Chapter 216. April arrived back in the Minkala system with a sigh. It wasn't that she disliked the place.
No, she rather liked the atmosphere that permeated the carved-out section of space,
populated with all of the entrance of Minkala that returned.
Mostly old tier 14s who had just gotten their concept and were now tier 15 and immortal.
There were also teams of pathers who went in at tier 12 and came out with more items,
skills and abilities than they knew what to do with.
The members of the military who went in to hunt down enemy combatants and protect their
own side's people were also peppered in. And finally, the sions of the rich and famous who
went into Minkala for the thrill of adventure without their immortal minors watching over them
made up the remainder of the gathering. Anyone who came out contributed to the atmosphere of
celebration and joy. Anyone who wasn't so lucky was in no position to sour the mood. All in all,
the place was bustling and frenetic. Two things April enjoyed. She just wasn't excited for her
actual job. Luna had saddled her with a rather hefty list of goods and items she wanted procured
for the team. In and of itself, that wasn't unusual, but the manager had also left a large amount
of the items to April's own discretion, which screamed test. And passing Luna's test was vital
to April's career as a liaison, trainer and manager in her own right. Luna was known in the
pathor manager circles and April already had three pending offers from other managers once she
finished with Matt, Liz and Aster. All as a fairly senior liaison or as a trainer's assistant.
Considering she was relatively new to the liaison position itself, that was an incredible step forward
for her career. But that all hinged on her successful completion of this assignment, which meant
the free reign Luna had given her was just as much rope from which she could hang herself.
Many of the items were fairly standard, skills of various stripes, a few natural treasures,
some utility gear, maybe a backup weapon or two. She was instructed to get beneficial cracks when
possible and to keep an eye out for anything which would be particularly impactful. It was that
last part which really was the issue. There was a truly unlimited number of possible items,
which had the potential to help her team, and just as many which would look useful, but in truth
would not suit them for some subtle reason. Just about anything could help Matt, but at the same time,
there was nothing that would be a perfect fit for the boy. Aster was a fairly typical ice mage.
But was trying to branch out into some spatial and illusion capabilities for her planned evolution
into an aurora fox and beyond. Accordingly, treasures to help the girl develop her bloodline
wouldn't go amiss, but were nigh impossible to find. If there were ever a time to gain an aurora
aspect natural treasure, though, now was the time. Liz, though, was the trickiest.
